Recent state-of-the-art approaches to summarization utilize large pre-trained Transformer models. Distilling these models to smaller student models has become critically important for practical use; however there are many different distillation methods proposed by the NLP literature. Recent work on distilling BERT for classification and regression tasks shows strong performance using direct knowledge distillation. Alternatively, machine translation practitioners distill using pseudo-labeling, where a small model is trained on the translations of a larger model. A third, simpler approach is to 'shrink and fine-tune' (SFT), which avoids any explicit distillation by copying parameters to a smaller student model and then fine-tuning. We compare these three approaches for distillation of Pegasus and BART, the current and former state of the art, pre-trained summarization models, and find that SFT outperforms knowledge distillation and pseudo-labeling on the CNN/DailyMail dataset, but under-performs pseudo-labeling on the more abstractive XSUM dataset. PyTorch Code and checkpoints of different sizes are available through Hugging Face transformers here http://tiny.cc/4iy0tz.
We introduce TLDR generation, a new form of extreme summarization, for scientific papers. TLDR generation involves high source compression and requires expert background knowledge and understanding of complex domain-specific language. To facilitate study on this task, we introduce SCITLDR, a new multi-target dataset of 5.4K TLDRs over 3.2K papers. SCITLDR contains both author-written and expert-derived TLDRs, where the latter are collected using a novel annotation protocol that produces high-quality summaries while minimizing annotation burden. We propose CATTS, a simple yet effective learning strategy for generating TLDRs that exploits titles as an auxiliary training signal. CATTS improves upon strong baselines under both automated metrics and human evaluations. Data and code are publicly available at https://github.com/allenai/scitldr.
